Running search (timeout is 400000 iterations):

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (30)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
rorb $0x1, %ah                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
cltd                            andl $0x1, %eax                    
cmpb $0xc0, %ah                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
andq $0xfffffffc, %rdx          movq %rdi, %rax                    
movswl %di, %ecx                shrq $0x2, %rax                    
sbbl $0xffffffe0, %edi          andl $0x1, %eax                    
movsbq %dil, %rsi               addq %rdx, %rax                    
sarb %cl, %ch                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                andl $0x1, %edx                    
clc                             addq %rdx, %rax                    
rorb %cl, %ah                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
leal -0x2(,%rax,8), %r8d        shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
orl $0x4, %eax                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
imulw %si, %si                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
rclb $0x1, %dh                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setae %dh                       shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
xorb %ah, %ch                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
sbbw $0x10, %di                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
cmpb $0xfb, %dh                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
setpe %ch                       shrq $0x5, %rax                    
shrdq %cl, %rdi, %rcx           andl $0x1, %eax                    
imulw %ax                       addq %rax, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                            shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (29)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
rorb $0x1, %ah                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
cltd                            andl $0x1, %eax                    
cmpb $0xc0, %ah                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
movswl %di, %ecx                movq %rdi, %rax                    
sbbl $0xffffffe0, %edi          shrq $0x2, %rax                    
movsbq %dil, %rsi               andl $0x1, %eax                    
sarb %cl, %ch                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
clc                             andl $0x1, %edx                    
rorb %cl, %ah                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
leal -0x2(,%rax,8), %r8d        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
orl $0x4, %eax                  shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
imulw %si, %si                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
rclb $0x1, %dh                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
setae %dh                       movq %rdi, %rdx                    
rcrb $0x0, %ah                  shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
sbbw $0x10, %di                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmpb $0xfb, %dh                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
setpe %ch                       movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrdq %cl, %rdi, %rcx           shrq $0x5, %rax                    
imulw %ax                       andl $0x1, %eax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (28)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
movswl %ax, %esi                shrq $0x1, %rax                    
cltd                            andl $0x1, %eax                    
imull $0x1, %edi, %eax          movq %rax, %rdx                    
notw %di                        movq %rdi, %rax                    
xorw %si, %si                   shrq $0x2, %rax                    
shrb $0x1, %ah                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
orb %dl, %dl                    addq %rdx, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movzwl %dx, %ecx                andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmpw $0x40, %ax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
sarb $0x1, %cl                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xorl %eax, %ecx                 shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
andb %dil, %dil                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
sbbw $0x8, %di                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
imulw %ax                       movq %rdi, %rdx                    
sarw %cl, %dx                   shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
xorb $0x80, %al                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
testl %esi, %ecx                addq %rax, %rdx                    
shlb $0x1, %sil                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
rclb $0x1, %dh                  shrq $0x5, %rax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
retq                            addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (27)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
movswl %ax, %esi                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
cltd                              andl $0x1, %eax                    
imull $0x1, %edi, %eax            movq %rax, %rdx                    
xorw %dx, %di                     movq %rdi, %rax                    
xorw %si, %si                     shrq $0x2, %rax                    
imull $0xfffffffc, %edi, %ecx     andl $0x1, %eax                    
orb %dl, %dl                      addq %rdx, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movzwl %dx, %ecx                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmpw $0x40, %ax                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
rcrq %cl, %rcx                    movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xorl %eax, %ecx                   shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
adcb %ch, %ah                     andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmpb %dil, %dil                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
imulw %ax                         movq %rdi, %rdx                    
rolb $0x1, %sil                   shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
xorb %cl, %cl                     andl $0x1, %edx                    
movswl %di, %ecx                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
rcrw $0x80, %ax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   shrq $0x5, %rax                    
retq                              andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (26)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
cltd                              shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movswl %ax, %esi                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
btw %ax, %di                      movq %rax, %rdx                    
btsw $0xfe, %ax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
imull $0xffffff80, %edi, %ecx     shrq $0x2, %rax                    
testl $0xffffffe0, %eax           andl $0x1, %eax                    
stc                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movsbw %al, %r11w                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmc                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
seta %ah                          movq %rdi, %rdx                    
subl %ecx, %esi                   shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
setnle %dl                        andl $0x1, %edx                    
setnp %r9b                        addq %rdx, %rax                    
imulw %ax                         movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl %esi, %edx                   shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
addb $0xe0, %al                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
addb %cl, %ch                     addq %rax, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                              shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (25)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
cltd                              shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movswl %ax, %esi                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
btw %ax, %di                      movq %rax, %rdx                    
addw $0x6, %di                    movq %rdi, %rax                    
imull $0xffffff80, %edi, %ecx     shrq $0x2, %rax                    
testl $0xffffffe0, %eax           andl $0x1, %eax                    
orw %dx, %si                      addq %rdx, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movsbw %al, %r11w                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
addl $0x6, %eax                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
subl %ecx, %esi                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movswl %si, %edx                  shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
setnle %dl                        andl $0x1, %edx                    
setae %r8b                        addq %rdx, %rax                    
imulw %ax                         movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl %esi, %edx                   shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
addb %cl, %ch                     andl $0x1, %edx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   addq %rax, %rdx                    
retq                              movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (24)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
cltd                              shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movswl %ax, %esi                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
btw %ax, %di                      movq %rax, %rdx                    
addw $0x6, %di                    movq %rdi, %rax                    
imull $0xffffff80, %edi, %ecx     shrq $0x2, %rax                    
testl $0xffffffe0, %eax           andl $0x1, %eax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
movsbw %al, %r11w                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
cmpb %r11b, %al                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
movsbl %dh, %edi                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
movswl %si, %edx                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnle %dl                        shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
subb %ch, %ch                     andl $0x1, %edx                    
imulw %ax                         addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl %esi, %edx                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
sbbb %al, %dil                    shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
retq                              addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (23)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
cltd                              shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movswl %ax, %esi                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
btw %ax, %di                      movq %rax, %rdx                    
addw $0x6, %di                    movq %rdi, %rax                    
imull $0xffffff80, %edi, %ecx     shrq $0x2, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
seto %dh                          addq %rdx, %rax                    
cmpb %cl, %al                     movq %rdi, %rdx                    
subb %ch, %ch                     andl $0x1, %edx                    
movswl %si, %edx                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
setpe %ch                         movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movsbl %dh, %edi                  shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
imulw %ax                         andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmpq $0x10, %rax                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
sbbb %al, %dil                    movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
retq                              andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (22)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
cltd                              shrq $0x1, %rax                    
btw %ax, %di                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
addw $0x6, %di                    movq %rax, %rdx                    
imull $0xffffff80, %edi, %ecx     movq %rdi, %rax                    
orw $0xfffb, %ax                  shrq $0x2, %rax                    
seto %dh                          andl $0x1, %eax                    
cmpb %cl, %al                     addq %rdx, %rax                    
subb %ch, %ch                     movq %rdi, %rdx                    
addl $0x5, %edi                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
adcw $0xfff8, %cx                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
decb %dh                          movq %rdi, %rdx                    
imulw %ax                         shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
cmpq $0x10, %rax                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
bsrw %dx, %r9w                    addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
retq                              shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (21)       Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                     
._Z6paritym:                      ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
cltd                              shrq $0x1, %rax                    
btw %ax, %di                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
shll $0xfa, %eax                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
imull $0xffffff80, %edi, %ecx     movq %rdi, %rax                    
adcb $0xfa, %al                   shrq $0x2, %rax                    
setnp %dl                         andl $0x1, %eax                    
shlb $0x1, %dh                    addq %rdx, %rax                    
movl $0xffffffff, %r9d            movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnbe %r8b                       andl $0x1, %edx                    
xchgw %ax, %r9w                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
imulw %ax                         movq %rdi, %rdx                    
addl $0x5, %edi                   shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
orl $0x10, %eax                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
retq                              movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                  shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                  shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                  addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                  retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (20)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
cwtd                            shrq $0x1, %rax                    
cltd                            andl $0x1, %eax                    
movzbw %dl, %si                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
rolb $0x1, %dh                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
xorw %di, %ax                   shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
subb $0xfd, %al                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
addw $0xffe0, %dx               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnge %cl                      andl $0x1, %edx                    
cmpl %eax, %edi                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
sall $0x1, %edx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnle %ch                      shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
retq                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (19)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shlw $0xf8, %ax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
cltd                            andl $0x1, %eax                    
movb %al, %al                   movq %rax, %rdx                    
subq $0xfffffff9, %rax          movq %rdi, %rax                    
idivl %edi                      shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
subb $0xfd, %al                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
setb %ah                        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setc %cl                        andl $0x1, %edx                    
movw %di, %r9w                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
adcb %r9b, %cl                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
retq                            andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (18)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
sarb $0x1, %dil                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
sbbw $0x5, %ax                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
testq $0x8, %rdi                movq %rax, %rdx                    
movl $0x2, %edx                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
sbbw %ax, %dx                   shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
subb $0xfd, %al                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
setc %cl                        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movb %dh, %ah                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
andb %dl, %ah                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
retq                            shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (17)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
cmpw $0x40, %ax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
rorb $0xfe, %al                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
rcrw $0x1, %ax                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
movl $0x2, %edx                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
cmpw %ax, %dx                   shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
subb $0xfd, %al                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
shlb $0x1, %dl                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
sarb $0x1, %dl                  andl $0x1, %edx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (16)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
btrl %edi, %eax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
adcb %ah, %al                   movq %rax, %rdx                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          movq %rdi, %rax                    
xchgw %di, %di                  shrq $0x2, %rax                    
salb $0x1, %ah                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
movzbl %al, %edx                addq %rdx, %rax                    
addb $0xfa, %dh                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
retq                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (15)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
incb %ah                        shrq $0x1, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          movq %rax, %rdx                    
xchgw %di, %di                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
cmpb $0x40, %al                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
movzbl %al, %edx                andl $0x1, %eax                    
orb $0xc0, %dl                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
retq                            andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (14)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
testq $0xfffffffe, %rax         shrq $0x1, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
setnle %ch                      movq %rax, %rdx                    
orl $0xffffff80, %eax           movq %rdi, %rax                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          shrq $0x2, %rax                    
setg %ch                        andl $0x1, %eax                    
andl $0x5, %eax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (13)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movswl %di, %eax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
xorl %eax, %eax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
adcb $0xfe, %al                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
cmpw $0xfff8, %di               movq %rax, %rdx                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          movq %rdi, %rax                    
setg %ch                        shrq $0x2, %rax                    
setnbe %ah                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
retq                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (12)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movzwl %di, %eax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
subb %ah, %ah                   shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movb $0xfe, %al                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          movq %rax, %rdx                    
setnle %dh                      movq %rdi, %rax                    
setnbe %ah                      shrq $0x2, %rax                    
retq                            andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (11)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movzwl %di, %eax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
movb $0xfe, %al                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
orb %al, %al                    andl $0x1, %eax                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          movq %rax, %rdx                    
xorb %ah, %ah                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                            shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (10)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movzwl %di, %eax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
movb $0xfe, %al                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
subl $0xfffffffd, %eax          andl $0x1, %eax                    
subb %ah, %ah                   movq %rax, %rdx                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (9)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                  
._Z6paritym:                   ._Z6paritym:                       
movzwl %di, %eax               movq %rdi, %rax                    
xorw %ax, %ax                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
incl %eax                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
retq                           movq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                               shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               addq %rdi, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (8)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                  
._Z6paritym:                   ._Z6paritym:                       
imull $0x0, %edi, %eax         movq %rdi, %rax                    
adcl $0x1, %eax                shrq $0x1, %rax                    
retq                           andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               movq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                               shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               addq %rdi, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               retq                               

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    50000
Elapsed Time:                  0.762479s
Iterations/s:                  65575.6

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   8
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.568%      5.388%        2.342%       
Opcode          6.646%       6.464%        6.368%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.694%       0.29%         0.2%         
Local Swap      6.774%       0.264%        0.144%       
Global Swap     6.648%       5.824%        5.728%       
Rotate          6.67%        5.92%         5.774%       
                                                        
Total           100%         24.15%        20.556%      

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (7)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (31)     
                                                                  
._Z6paritym:                   ._Z6paritym:                       
movl $0x1, %eax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                           shrq $0x1, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               movq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                               shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               addq %rdi, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               retq                               

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    100000
Elapsed Time:                  1.34666s
Iterations/s:                  74257.7

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.774%      3.534%        1.586%       
Opcode          6.58%        6.402%        6.353%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.67%        0.208%        0.142%       
Local Swap      6.743%       0.14%         0.08%        
Global Swap     6.655%       5.869%        5.819%       
Rotate          6.578%       5.862%        5.777%       
                                                        
Total           100%         22.015%       19.757%      

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    150000
Elapsed Time:                  1.90377s
Iterations/s:                  78791.1

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded      Accepted       
                                                           
Add Nops        0%           0%             0%             
Delete          0%           0%             0%             
Instruction     66.686%      2.55533%       1.18%          
Opcode          6.57533%     6.35867%       6.32533%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%             0%             
Operand         6.71%        0.173333%      0.1%           
Local Swap      6.73933%     0.0986667%     0.0586667%     
Global Swap     6.70333%     5.93067%       5.89533%       
Rotate          6.586%       5.86933%       5.81133%       
                                                           
Total           100%         20.986%        19.3707%       

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    200000
Elapsed Time:                  2.47183s
Iterations/s:                  80911.9

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.729%      2.2055%       1.0735%      
Opcode          6.587%       6.3585%       6.333%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.6555%      0.154%        0.082%       
Local Swap      6.7035%      0.08%         0.05%        
Global Swap     6.7125%      5.932%        5.904%       
Rotate          6.6125%      5.8855%       5.833%       
                                                        
Total           100%         20.6155%      19.2755%     

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    250000
Elapsed Time:                  3.02772s
Iterations/s:                  82570.4

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.784%      1.8412%       0.9036%      
Opcode          6.5676%      6.3264%       6.306%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.6496%      0.1412%       0.0688%      
Local Swap      6.638%       0.0672%       0.0432%      
Global Swap     6.7172%      5.942%        5.9168%      
Rotate          6.6436%      5.9124%       5.8656%      
                                                        
Total           100%         20.2304%      19.104%      

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    300000
Elapsed Time:                  3.57443s
Iterations/s:                  83929.5

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted       
                                                          
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%             
Delete          0%           0%            0%             
Instruction     66.7833%     1.585%        0.785667%      
Opcode          6.567%       6.319%        6.30167%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%             
Operand         6.65933%     0.132%        0.0593333%     
Local Swap      6.639%       0.058%        0.0376667%     
Global Swap     6.73867%     5.97667%      5.955%         
Rotate          6.61267%     5.898%        5.85667%       
                                                          
Total           100%         19.9687%      18.996%        

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    350000
Elapsed Time:                  4.16962s
Iterations/s:                  83940.5

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded      Accepted       
                                                           
Add Nops        0%           0%             0%             
Delete          0%           0%             0%             
Instruction     66.7831%     1.59714%       0.848%         
Opcode          6.57257%     6.318%         6.30286%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%             0%             
Operand         6.66171%     0.135143%      0.0568571%     
Local Swap      6.648%       0.0585714%     0.0408571%     
Global Swap     6.73143%     5.96229%       5.94257%       
Rotate          6.60314%     5.88514%       5.84743%       
                                                           
Total           100%         19.9563%       19.0386%       

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    400000
Elapsed Time:                  4.74587s
Iterations/s:                  84283.9

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   7
Lowest correct cost:           31

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.7267%     1.47625%      0.79625%     
Opcode          6.587%       6.326%        6.3125%      
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.652%       0.132%        0.05275%     
Local Swap      6.6735%      0.05475%      0.03925%     
Global Swap     6.73375%     5.968%        5.95%        
Rotate          6.627%       5.91275%      5.8775%      
                                                        
Total           100%         19.8697%      19.0282%     

********************************************************************************

Unable to discover a new correct rewrite before timing out... 

********************************************************************************

Restarting search
Running search (timeout is 400000 iterations):

No action on new best correct
Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (30)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (30)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x1, %rax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
movq %rax, %rdx                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x2, %rax                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
andw $0xfffb, %ax               andw $0xfffb, %ax                  
movq %rdi, %rdx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
shrq $0x3, %rdx                 shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
movq %rdi, %rdx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xaddb %dh, %dh                  xaddb %dh, %dh                     
andl $0x1, %edx                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
movq %rdi, %rdx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
shrq $0x4, %rdx                 shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %edx                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
addq %rax, %rdx                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x5, %rax                 shrq $0x5, %rax                    
addq %rax, %rdx                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x7, %rdi                 shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
shrq $0x6, %rax                 shrq $0x6, %rax                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
cmc                             cmc                                
addq %rdi, %rax                 addq %rdi, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
retq                            retq                               

********************************************************************************

No action on new best correct
Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (29)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x1, %rax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
movq %rax, %rdx                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x2, %rax                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
movq %rdi, %rdx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
shrq $0x3, %rdx                 shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
movq %rdi, %rdx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xaddb %dh, %dh                  xaddb %dh, %dh                     
andl $0x1, %edx                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
movq %rdi, %rdx                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
shrq $0x4, %rdx                 shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %edx                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
addq %rax, %rdx                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x5, %rax                 shrq $0x5, %rax                    
addq %rax, %rdx                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrq $0x7, %rdi                 shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
shrq $0x6, %rax                 shrq $0x6, %rax                    
addq %rdx, %rax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
cmc                             cmc                                
addq %rdi, %rax                 addq %rdi, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
retq                            retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (28)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
movq %rax, %rdx                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
andw %ax, %dx                   andl $0x1, %eax                    
setpe %dh                       movq %rax, %rdx                    
notw %dx                        movq %rdi, %rax                    
movq $0x5, %rax                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
sbbb %dh, %dh                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
cmpw %dx, %di                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movq $0x80, %r8                 shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
cwtd                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
testl $0x1, %eax                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
sets %dl                        xaddb %dh, %dh                     
imulw $0x1, %di, %r9w           andl $0x1, %edx                    
incb %r9b                       addq %rdx, %rax                    
testb $0xe0, %al                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
shrw $0xfb, %di                 shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
btw %r9w, %ax                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
rorb $0x1, %r9b                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
andl $0x10, %edx                movq %rdi, %rax                    
addq $0x10, %rax                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
subl %edx, %r8d                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                            shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (27)      Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                    
._Z6paritym:                     ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
movq %rax, %rdx                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movsbl %dl, %r9d                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
xorl $0xfffffffa, %eax           movq %rax, %rdx                    
setnl %r8b                       movq %rdi, %rax                    
movsbq %al, %r8                  shrq $0x2, %rax                    
setne %ch                        addq %rdx, %rax                    
setl %dil                        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
btw $0x80, %dx                   shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
movw $0xfff9, %di                addq %rdx, %rax                    
btcw %ax, %r9w                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andb %al, %ch                    xaddb %dh, %dh                     
orl %r9d, %r9d                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
andq $0x5, %r9                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
rolb $0x1, %al                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
addw %dx, %di                    shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
xaddl %edi, %r8d                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
setbe %ch                        addq %rax, %rdx                    
imulw %di                        movq %rdi, %rax                    
leal 0x10(%rdx,%rdi,1), %eax     shrq $0x5, %rax                    
setnc %dil                       addq %rax, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                             shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                 shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                 cmc                                
                                 addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                 retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (26)      Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                    
._Z6paritym:                     ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
movq %rax, %rdx                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movsbl %dl, %r9d                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
xorl $0xfffffffa, %eax           movq %rax, %rdx                    
setnl %r8b                       movq %rdi, %rax                    
movsbq %al, %r8                  shrq $0x2, %rax                    
setne %ch                        addq %rdx, %rax                    
setl %dil                        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movw $0xfff9, %di                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
btcw %ax, %r9w                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
andb %al, %ch                    movq %rdi, %rdx                    
orl %r9d, %r9d                   xaddb %dh, %dh                     
andq $0x5, %r9                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
rolb $0x1, %al                   addq %rdx, %rax                    
addw %dx, %di                    movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xaddl %edi, %r8d                 shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
testb %dh, %dl                   andl $0x1, %edx                    
imulw %di                        addq %rax, %rdx                    
leal 0x10(%rdx,%rdi,1), %eax     movq %rdi, %rax                    
setnc %dil                       shrq $0x5, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                  addq %rax, %rdx                    
retq                             movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                 shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                 shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                 cmc                                
                                 addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                 retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (25)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
movb $0x0, %dh                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
imulq %rax                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
addl %edx, %eax                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
xorb %ah, %ah                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
leaw 0x8(%edi,%eax,1), %r8w     shrq $0x2, %rax                    
movq $0x20, %rsi                addq %rdx, %rax                    
sbbb %dl, %r8b                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setpe %ch                       shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
testw %r8w, %ax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
xorl %edi, %esi                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
btrl %edi, %eax                 xaddb %dh, %dh                     
incb %dil                       andl $0x1, %edx                    
shll $0x1, %edx                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
setb %ch                        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movb $0xfd, %r9b                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
notl %esi                       andl $0x1, %edx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 addq %rax, %rdx                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (23)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
movb $0x0, %dh                  shrq $0x1, %rax                    
imulq %rax                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
xorb %ah, %ah                   movq %rax, %rdx                    
leaw 0x8(%edi,%eax,1), %r8w     movq %rdi, %rax                    
movq $0x20, %rsi                shrq $0x2, %rax                    
sbbb %dl, %r8b                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
setpe %ch                       movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setg %dh                        shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
subw $0x3, %si                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
xchgq %rax, %rsi                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
incb %dil                       xaddb %dh, %dh                     
rcrw $0xfc, %dx                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
setb %ch                        addq %rdx, %rax                    
rcrb $0xe0, %sil                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
notl %esi                       shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 andl $0x1, %edx                    
retq                            addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (22)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
movzbw %ah, %ax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movzbq %al, %rdx                andl $0x1, %eax                    
testb %dh, %dh                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
addb %dh, %ah                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
movq $0x7, %rsi                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
cmpl $0xfffffffd, %eax          addq %rdx, %rax                    
testw %di, %ax                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xaddb %ah, %ah                  shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
testq $0xfffffffc, %rax         addq %rdx, %rax                    
movzwq %dx, %r11                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnb %al                       xaddb %dh, %dh                     
shrl $0x1, %r11d                andl $0x1, %edx                    
seta %ah                        addq %rdx, %rax                    
xorb %dl, %dil                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
retq                            andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (21)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
movzbw %ah, %ax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
movzbq %al, %rdx                andl $0x1, %eax                    
testb %dh, %dh                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
addb %dh, %ah                   movq %rdi, %rax                    
orw $0xffe0, %di                shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xorq $0xfffffff0, %rax          addq %rdx, %rax                    
testl $0xffffffff, %eax         movq %rdi, %rdx                    
xaddb %ah, %ah                  shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
testq $0xfffffffc, %rax         addq %rdx, %rax                    
movzwq %dx, %r11                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnb %al                       xaddb %dh, %dh                     
seta %ah                        andl $0x1, %edx                    
xorb %dl, %dil                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
retq                            shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (20)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
subq $0xfffffffc, %rax          shrq $0x1, %rax                    
xorl $0x5, %edi                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
mulb %dil                       movq %rax, %rdx                    
subl $0x40, %eax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
mull %eax                       shrq $0x2, %rax                    
movzbq %al, %rdx                addq %rdx, %rax                    
movb %dl, %dh                   movq %rdi, %rdx                    
decl %eax                       shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
xchgw %ax, %di                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
xorb $0x6, %ah                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
movb %al, %al                   xaddb %dh, %dh                     
setnb %al                       andl $0x1, %edx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (19)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
mull %eax                       shrq $0x1, %rax                    
bsrq %rdx, %r10                 andl $0x1, %eax                    
xchgl %eax, %edi                movq %rax, %rdx                    
andb $0x0, %ah                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
andq $0xfffffffb, %rdi          shrq $0x2, %rax                    
testb %dl, %dh                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
movl $0xffffffc0, %eax          movq %rdi, %rdx                    
subl $0xffffffe0, %edi          shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
rcrb $0x1, %dil                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
setnb %al                       xaddb %dh, %dh                     
imulw $0x6, %dx, %di            andl $0x1, %edx                    
retq                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (17)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
mull %edi                       shrq $0x1, %rax                    
imull $0x0, %eax, %eax          andl $0x1, %eax                    
xorw $0x3, %ax                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
btrl $0x80, %edx                movq %rdi, %rax                    
xorw $0xfffc, %dx               shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xorw $0x6, %ax                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
addw $0x4, %ax                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
movsbw %dl, %dx                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
bsfw %di, %r8w                  movq %rdi, %rdx                    
retq                            xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (16)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
mull %edi                       shrq $0x1, %rax                    
imull $0x0, %eax, %eax          andl $0x1, %eax                    
subw $0x3, %ax                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
btl %eax, %edx                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
rcrw $0x1, %di                  shrq $0x2, %rax                    
rcrw $0x1, %di                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rdx                    
sets %ch                        shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
andb $0x20, %dl                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (15)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
mull %edi                       shrq $0x1, %rax                    
imull $0x0, %eax, %eax          andl $0x1, %eax                    
subw $0x3, %ax                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
btw $0x20, %ax                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
rorb $0x2, %dl                  shrq $0x2, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 addq %rdx, %rax                    
sets %ch                        movq %rdi, %rdx                    
rolb $0x1, %ch                  shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
retq                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (14)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
mull %edi                       shrq $0x1, %rax                    
imull $0x0, %eax, %eax          andl $0x1, %eax                    
subw $0x3, %ax                  movq %rax, %rdx                    
cltq                            movq %rdi, %rax                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
xchgw %di, %di                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
rorq $0xfb, %rdi                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
retq                            shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (13)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
subl %edi, %eax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
xorw $0x3, %ax                  andl $0x1, %eax                    
testw $0xfffd, %ax              movq %rax, %rdx                    
andl $0x1, %eax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
shrl $0x1, %edi                 shrq $0x2, %rax                    
testb %al, %ah                  addq %rdx, %rax                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (12)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
subl %edi, %eax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
setnl %al                       andl $0x1, %eax                    
cltq                            movq %rax, %rdx                    
movb $0x80, %r9b                movq %rdi, %rax                    
orw %di, %di                    shrq $0x2, %rax                    
retq                            addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (11)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
subl %edi, %eax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
setbe %al                       andl $0x1, %eax                    
xaddl %edi, %edi                movq %rax, %rdx                    
xchgb %al, %al                  movq %rdi, %rax                    
retq                            shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (10)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                   
._Z6paritym:                    ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                 movq %rdi, %rax                    
subl %edi, %eax                 shrq $0x1, %rax                    
setbe %al                       andl $0x1, %eax                    
movb $0x80, %dh                 movq %rax, %rdx                    
retq                            movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                                shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                                andl $0x1, %edx                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                                addq %rax, %rdx                    
                                movq %rdi, %rax                    
                                shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                                shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                                addq %rdx, %rax                    
                                cmc                                
                                addq %rdi, %rax                    
                                andl $0x1, %eax                    
                                retq                               

********************************************************************************

Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (9)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (29)     
                                                                  
._Z6paritym:                   ._Z6paritym:                       
movq %rdi, %rax                movq %rdi, %rax                    
subl %eax, %eax                shrq $0x1, %rax                    
setbe %al                      andl $0x1, %eax                    
retq                           movq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x2, %rax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x3, %rdx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               xaddb %dh, %dh                     
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               movq %rdi, %rdx                    
                               shrq $0x4, %rdx                    
                               andl $0x1, %edx                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x5, %rax                    
                               addq %rax, %rdx                    
                               movq %rdi, %rax                    
                               shrq $0x7, %rdi                    
                               shrq $0x6, %rax                    
                               addq %rdx, %rax                    
                               cmc                                
                               addq %rdi, %rax                    
                               andl $0x1, %eax                    
                               retq                               

********************************************************************************

No action on new best correct
Progress Update: 

Lowest Cost Discovered (4)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (4)     
                                                                 
._Z6paritym:                   ._Z6paritym:                      
xorw $0x4, %di                 xorw $0x4, %di                    
setp %dil                      setp %dil                         
movzbq %dil, %rax              movzbq %dil, %rax                 
retq                           retq                              

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    50000
Elapsed Time:                  0.932217s
Iterations/s:                  53635.6

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     67.018%      10.918%       2.624%       
Opcode          6.504%       6.21%         5.982%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.532%       0.56%         0.432%       
Local Swap      6.592%       0.556%        0.12%        
Global Swap     6.544%       5.306%        5.154%       
Rotate          6.81%        5.784%        5.486%       
                                                        
Total           100%         29.334%       19.798%      

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    100000
Elapsed Time:                  1.73814s
Iterations/s:                  57532.9

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.763%      9.65%         1.837%       
Opcode          6.592%       6.328%        6.127%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.682%       0.479%        0.336%       
Local Swap      6.612%       0.456%        0.081%       
Global Swap     6.557%       5.377%        5.253%       
Rotate          6.794%       5.785%        5.511%       
                                                        
Total           100%         28.075%       19.145%      

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    150000
Elapsed Time:                  2.5936s
Iterations/s:                  57834.6

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted       
                                                          
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%             
Delete          0%           0%            0%             
Instruction     66.7093%     9.82933%      1.626%         
Opcode          6.60067%     6.344%        6.16333%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%             
Operand         6.66467%     0.423333%     0.302%         
Local Swap      6.61133%     0.355333%     0.0813333%     
Global Swap     6.662%       5.52067%      5.39733%       
Rotate          6.752%       5.792%        5.53067%       
                                                          
Total           100%         28.2647%      19.1007%       

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    200000
Elapsed Time:                  3.48566s
Iterations/s:                  57378

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.7165%     10.2945%      1.4105%      
Opcode          6.613%       6.378%        6.174%       
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.6805%      0.4195%       0.294%       
Local Swap      6.5945%      0.2955%       0.0795%      
Global Swap     6.6775%      5.556%        5.418%       
Rotate          6.718%       5.744%        5.49%        
                                                        
Total           100%         28.6875%      18.866%      

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    250000
Elapsed Time:                  4.40134s
Iterations/s:                  56800.9

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.6304%     10.68%        1.3848%      
Opcode          6.62%        6.3852%       6.1768%      
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.7104%      0.4168%       0.2872%      
Local Swap      6.622%       0.282%        0.0956%      
Global Swap     6.7036%      5.5584%       5.4172%      
Rotate          6.7136%      5.7132%       5.4612%      
                                                        
Total           100%         29.0356%      18.8228%     

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    300000
Elapsed Time:                  5.24526s
Iterations/s:                  57194.5

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted       
                                                          
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%             
Delete          0%           0%            0%             
Instruction     66.6993%     10.5477%      1.41633%       
Opcode          6.60633%     6.36533%      6.172%         
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%             
Operand         6.69333%     0.403333%     0.266%         
Local Swap      6.593%       0.26%         0.0983333%     
Global Swap     6.709%       5.59167%      5.45833%       
Rotate          6.699%       5.713%        5.47933%       
                                                          
Total           100%         28.881%       18.8903%       

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    350000
Elapsed Time:                  5.91019s
Iterations/s:                  59219.7

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted       
                                                          
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%             
Delete          0%           0%            0%             
Instruction     66.7611%     9.576%        1.30143%       
Opcode          6.614%       6.376%        6.204%         
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%             
Operand         6.66543%     0.365429%     0.239143%      
Local Swap      6.57686%     0.227714%     0.0882857%     
Global Swap     6.68057%     5.61886%      5.498%         
Rotate          6.702%       5.75257%      5.54143%       
                                                          
Total           100%         27.9166%      18.8723%       

********************************************************************************

Statistics Update: 

Iterations:                    400000
Elapsed Time:                  6.49434s
Iterations/s:                  61592.1

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.7507%     8.52075%      1.21275%     
Opcode          6.6115%      6.36925%      6.21825%     
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.66225%     0.3395%       0.22%        
Local Swap      6.587%       0.20225%      0.08025%     
Global Swap     6.681%       5.66625%      5.55925%     
Rotate          6.7075%      5.792%        5.60575%     
                                                        
Total           100%         26.89%        18.8962%     

********************************************************************************

################################################################################

Final update:

Total search iterations:       800000
Number of attempted searches:  2
Total search time:             11.2411s
Total time:                    11.681s

Statistics of last search

Iterations:                    400000
Elapsed Time:                  6.49464s
Iterations/s:                  61589.2

Starting cost:                 31
Lowest cost:                   4
Lowest correct cost:           4

Move Type       Proposed     Succeeded     Accepted     
                                                        
Add Nops        0%           0%            0%           
Delete          0%           0%            0%           
Instruction     66.7507%     8.52075%      1.21275%     
Opcode          6.6115%      6.36925%      6.21825%     
OpcodeWidth     0%           0%            0%           
Operand         6.66225%     0.3395%       0.22%        
Local Swap      6.587%       0.20225%      0.08025%     
Global Swap     6.681%       5.66625%      5.55925%     
Rotate          6.7075%      5.792%        5.60575%     
                                                        
Total           100%         26.89%        18.8962%     

Lowest Cost Discovered (4)     Lowest Known Correct Cost (4)     
                                                                 
._Z6paritym:                   ._Z6paritym:                      
xorw $0x4, %di                 xorw $0x4, %di                    
setp %dil                      setp %dil                         
movzbq %dil, %rax              movzbq %dil, %rax                 
retq                           retq                           
